# Convolutional-Neural-Networks-with-CIFAR10-data-set
To classify the test images by training a convolutional neural network using training images and labels
In this assignment,you will learn how to traina convolutional neural networkfor an imageclassification problem ona moderate, populardataset, titled CIFAR-10.Preparation:We  will  use the popular  CIFAR-10  dataset  for  this  assignment. This dataset consists  of6000032x32coloredimages representing 10 different  image classes.The  training and  testing  sets  are  fixed:  there  are  50000 trainingimages  and 10000  test  imageswithcorresponding  labels.To  prepare  for  this  assignment:  first  you will  need  to  download  the CIFAR-10  dataset  which  is  not  included  with  this  homework  assignment. The  official  website fordataset isgiven below:http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~kriz/cifar.htmlPlease  use  above  website  to  download the  original  dataset.  The  code  you  will  prepare  should assume  that  dataset  files  are  located  in a sub  folder named  as “cifar-10-batches-py”.Do  not change the Objective:We want to classifythetest images by training a convolutional neural network using trainingimages and labels. Network   Definition:The   dataset   is   already   normalized   andshuffled so   no   further processing or modification is required.You need to build a convolutional neural network with the following properties:-Please notice that the input images are colored which means you will have three channels for the first (input) layer.-Your network will have 4 hidden layers.-1stlayer and 2ndlayer will be the convolutional layers with 64 filters in each layer using a kernel size of 5x5.-Activation functions should be chosen as Rectified Linear Units (except the output layer, see below).-Use max-pooling with a filter size of 2x2 and stride of 2.-3rdand  4thlayers  of  your  network  should  be  fully  connected  with  384  and  192  neurons respectively.-The  last  layer  (output)  should  consist  of  10  neurons  for  the  10  classes  and  use  softmax activation functions for classification.If  you  need  a  refresher  on  what  these  parameters  were  and  how  to  define  them,  please  refer  to our lecture.  The recording can be found here:https://ondemand.usf.edu/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=5eab97e0-d57b-4702-a742-72e871b7b6b0(Lecture portion)
https://ondemand.usf.edu/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=8beeca2e-6bb8-4299-9f4e-90e4e3c63ba8(Python demo portion)Goals:1Printclassification  accuracyon  the test  setafteryourtraining  is  done.(Python help: print("Classification accuracy on the test set:"+str(test_accuracy)))2Plotcross-entropyerror  curveson  your trainingand testingset  as  a function  of epochson thesame figure.How does the error change on the training set with increasing number of epochs? How does it change on the testing set? 3Showthe coefficients  of the  first  5  filtersin  the1stand 2ndconvolutional  layersas imagesafter training is done, on a single figureas subplots.4Commenton your resultsfor goals 1,2, and 3, a few sentences each, in a Markdown cell at the end of your Jupyter notebookas the final cell. See Figure 1. for how to do that. Contact TA if you have questions on this.
